Feature/registration endpoint (#13)
samanthasgroup/django-webapps: README.md

# django-webapps
Backend for the database, implemented in Django

## API Documentation

> Could be found at `/api/docs/swagger` or `/api/docs/redoc` after deployment (or local running).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Can be found at `/api/docs/swagger` or `/api/docs/redoc` after deployment (or when running locally).
```
